im renaming components to elements (ie pos_x is an element)

im trying to create a plugin for openmct. i want to create a a few types of switches. i want a simple boolean switch (0 or 1) and i want a multi-select with a configurable amount of states that can take string arguments or numbers. the switch will function like this: the user clicks the switch (boolean anywhere on the switch, multi-select on the specific desired state), this sends a command to the python backend, the python backend then returns a state to the gui and the switch/multi-select reads this and changes its displayed state (boolean switch flips, multi-select changes to position) (the button has 2 configurable colors, selected and not selected, with default colors matching the theme, selected should be lighter). the python backend can also send these without receiving a command. 



im basing this off of the synnax gui system. there each switch has a command channel and a state channel. pressing a button activates the command channel to request a flip, the backend receives that request and must reply with a change to the state channel to act upon it. there is a bug however that the command channel will not deactivate until the state has changed. i solved this by writing two flips to cancel out the first, but i would rather commands enter a python queue and are handled entirely in the backend instead of having the frontend left waiting. 



right now the backend creates peripheral class objects by parsing through the config files and adding lockout, actuator, datastream, etc objects to a list in the peripheral object. i would like the elements in the tree list on the left of openmct to be able to be connected to these. i would like to minimize the time it takes to configure these buttons. in synnax, i had to search a large list to select both channels from a large list. i would prefer if a element was all it took to configure. 



ive attached a button plugin as an example. this behaves differently than i want, but should help in understanding what i want to happen. if possible integrate it with the telemetry server to minimize the number of ports the python program is holding, but this is not critical

i am also attaching my most recent files (main, openmct, peripheral, and utility)